Fix  preapply hooks are not called on no diff when run apply subcommand (#522)
helmfile/helmfile: docs/index.md

This is the ideal event to execute any commands that may mutate the cluster state as it will not be run for read-only operations like `lint`, `diff` or `template`.

`preapply` hooks are triggered before a release is uninstalled, installed, or upgraded as part of `helmfile apply`.

> This is the ideal event to hook into when you are going to use `helmfile apply` for every kind, Regardless of whether the releases have changed, `preapply` will be executed, please ensure that `preapply` executes the command is idempotent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the ideal event to hook into when you are going to use `helmfile apply` for every kind of change and you want the hook to be triggered regardless of whether the releases have changed or not. Be sure to make each `preapply` hook command idempotent. Otherwise, rerunning helmfile-apply on a transient failure may end up either breaking your cluster, or the hook that runs for the second time will never succeed.
```
